Kat Semenova

5/4/17
Goal for today: I will research the several ways people make games savable on stock overflow
and see if there's something we could adapt to our game.
Today : I filled out the survey, played around with design concepts and also schemed against the unforseen 
spying of another group and came up with a plan. 

5/5/17
Goal for today: Make food draggable to feed the dragons instead of the hungry button
Today: I figured out with Mr.Nockle's help how to set up food to be draggable as well as refreshed on where our code is
For monday I hope to finish the food to be draggable and pass it off to jenniber to make the dragons feedable 
through the food being dropped

5/8/17
Goal: try to finish the DragonFood class. 
Today: I made dragonfood replicate the idea behind how clickables are initialized. So basically it checks viewObjects and adds
an object to the draggable array if it is an instanceof draggable. Then using mousedragged it should follow the mouse when the little
food berry is clicked. However, right now there are no errors yet it doesnt work when I try to drag. Tomorrow I want to get the full
functionality.

5/11/17
Goal: I wanted to make the berry draggable
Today: The issue was that the mouse motion listener wasnt instentiating, so it never called the methods to drag. Then I also made 
sure that the mouse woulda always be in the middle of the berry. Finally, when released the berry falls into original position. 
Then with Mr.Nockles I made sure that no matter how fast the mouse moves, once the berry is begining to be dragged it will always follow
the mouse

5/12/17
Goal: Make game working on mine and violetta's macs
Today: I made berries to feed the Dragon. I removed the action from the button. Instead to feed the dragons, I  call a method in 
Jennibers class that removes a hungry box if the berry is overlaying one of the draggons on mouse release
also i was trying to make the program runnable on my Mac.

5/15/17
Goal: To make a polygon shaped button for our posts.
Today: First I tried using a tutorial but that got too confusing. So instead I made a new class that's a clickable. 
The button works the only issue is that I can't see the polygon at the moment so I have to figure out how to make it visible to test
it and position the buttons

5/16/17
Goal: Get the buttons to position and be able to see them
Today: I made the outline temporary visible. Now it is all the matter of getting the points down.
The issue is that it only works like a button when I click on top of the shape but still in the box component
container. Does not go to another screen when clicked within the polygon.

5/17/17
Goal: Add polygon buttons to main screen, and make them functions, add more coordinates for more dragons on screen,
and then make dragons actually fly away when not fed
Today: I played around with some graphics and sizing for the draggons. I also fixed the bug where the button 
would work only if you clicked above the physical button. The issue was due to JPanel vs JFrame. To fix it
I adjusted the isHovered algorithm. Today I didn't get to the flying away animation yet.

5/22/17
Goal: Finish redesigning the home screen with new dragon positions, and also finish all buttons
Today: I recalculated more dragon positions but now I will still have to gurantee that the dragons will never cover the 
arrows/posts. I will probably handle this with another array where it picks out some coordinates that will never be random
while others will be random.

5/23/17
Goal: Fix the bugs in the home screen, begin the incubation screen;
Today: I fixed the bugs in the home screen, also fixed a bug where the dragon is fed if just clicked upon. I began making the incubation screen
that will be enetred through the shop. I will have to explore threads to make the eggs incubate.

5/24/17
Goal: Work with Violetta to get buy screen to work, 
Today: We got that for some reason the button doesnt work to buy it because the act is never called. Very strange behavior
we will bpth be looking at it at home to try to fix it.

5/25/17
Goal: Make the dragon stats show up when hovered over dragon in shop
Today: